Fix v1.29 in-tree provider usage instructions for Azure (#2033)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/kubernetes-clusters-in-rancher-setup/set-up-cloud-providers/azure.md

You can also [migrate from an in-tree to an out-of-tree Azure cloud provider](../migrate-to-an-out-of-tree-cloud-provider/migrate-to-out-of-tree-azure.md) on Kubernetes 1.29 and earlier. All existing clusters must migrate prior to upgrading to v1.30 in order to stay functional.

> Starting with Kubernetes 1.29, in-tree cloud providers have been disabled. You must set `DisableCloudProviders` and `DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders` feature gates to `false` to use the in-tree Azure cloud provider. You can do this by setting `feature-gates=DisableCloudProviders=false,DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=false` as an additional argument for the cluster's Kubelet, Controller Manager, and API Server in the advanced cluster configuration. Setting `DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=false` in the Kubelet, Controller Manager, and API Server arguments enables in-tree functionality for authenticating to Azure container registries for image pull credentials. See [upstream docs](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/117503) and this [blog post](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/12/14/cloud-provider-integration-changes/#continue-using-in-tree-provider-code) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Kubernetes 1.29, in-tree cloud providers have been disabled. You must set `DisableCloudProviders` and `DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders` feature gates to `false` to use the in-tree Azure cloud provider. You can do this by setting `feature-gates=DisableCloudProviders=false,DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=false` as an additional argument for the cluster's Kubelet, Controller Manager, and API Server in the advanced cluster configuration. Setting `DisableKubeletCloudCredentialProviders=false` in the Kubelet, Controller Manager, and API Server arguments enables in-tree functionality for authenticating to Azure container registries for image pull credentials. See the [Kubernetes 1.29: Mandala release notes](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/12/13/kubernetes-v1-29-release/#in-tree-cloud-provider-integration-removal) and this [blog post](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/12/14/cloud-provider-integration-changes/#continue-using-in-tree-provider-code) for more details.
```
